c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\bin\Debug\BEE2.exe.config
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\bin\Debug\BEE2.exe
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\bin\Debug\BEE2.pdb
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.g.resources
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.exe
c:\users\benvlodgi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BEE2\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.pdb
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\bin\Debug\BEE2.exe.config
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.exe
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.pdb
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Project\portal 2\portal2_dlc2\BEE2\BEE2.exe.config
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Project\portal 2\portal2_dlc2\BEE2\BEE2.exe
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Project\portal 2\portal2_dlc2\BEE2\BEE2.pdb
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.g.resources
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\BenVlodgi\Documents\GitHub\BEE2\BEE2 - Application\BEE2\obj\Debug\BEE2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
